and then I just started having really
bad bloating again and if you go to my
blogs around this time last year I was
eating oatmeal every single day and
every day after I would eat the oatmeal
it was like vegan oatmeal just like
basic healthy I would be so bloated like
I would go to the gym after I would eat
that you like an hour so after and I
would be so uncomfortable I didn't even
want to work out I remember going to
acupuncture and she was kind of asking
me about my diet and what I was doing
and I was kind of telling her you know I
was vegan but I've kind of been
experimenting with trying some fish and
she was like yeah like I do think it's
important to incorporate a plant-based
foods she's like but I do think that
everyone is different kind of just what
I said that reassurance and kind of tips
and tricks as well as I experienced
telling me like you know you are having
these issues and you've had them for so
long and also just with working out and
stuff just wanted to make sure that I
was good actually getting enough food
and protein which I know was like
shocking it's just so shocking for me to
say that I remember eating more like
eggs like whole eggs more fish I
remember I tried chicken I was so sure
but I remember just craving it so bad
even with eating salmon and egg
ihe cancellation so shocking look if you
told me I would do this two three years
ago I would have not been so easy okay I
just felt so much better
I wasn't feeling constantly hungry I
wasn't feeling bloated and just
unsatisfied after every meal my poop's
couple regular and also around the time
I started noticing more muscle growth
and you guys started noticing it too but
we're asking me like what workouts have
you been doing like oh my god like this
remember still feeling guilty am i -
this isn't right for me to be doing and
I don't know if I'm gonna be doing this
long-term so I don't want to share it
with people with I'm not sure about it
myself that's why I kind of stopped
making what I eat in a day videos kind
of talking about it because I was like I
don't want to live but I don't want to
share what I've been doing and I feel
like overall just like my channel
suffered as a result of that because I
didn't feel like I could be my real self
but again I didn't want to be someone I
wasn't those kind of hard doing I'm
creative and like I could again be my
real self and share my real life with
people I feel like I'm talking about its
own white way to you but it would like
to such a struggle every day I would
spend so much money on like probiotics
and digestive enzyme I was drinking so
much water I was working out like I was
eating a greens like it was just so
confusing to me bloating just went go
away until I started
and I feel like overall just like my
channel suffered as a result of that
because I didn't feel like I could be my
real self even you my real self by
observing the backlash that other once
vegan youtubers have been getting a lot
of vegans are like I'm so disappointed
in you you fail I think you're more of a
failure if you just keep going along
with something I'd rather live in my
truth and share my real authentic
experiences maybe be my real self
no more muscle I do like to discuss
these social and political issues
[Music]